Update README (#51)
run-house/runhouse: README.md

PyTorch lets you send a model or tensor `.to(device)`, so
why can't you do `my_fn.to('a_gcp_a100')` or `my_table.to('parquet_in_s3')`?
Runhouse allows just that: send code and data to any of your compute or
data infra (with your own cloud creds), all in Python, and continue to interact with
them normally from your local environment.

> **Runhouse is not an orchestrator.** Think of Runhouse as an expansion pack to your Python

Reviewer: if this could be simplified in the future or moved down, it's a lot of text at the beginning of the page

Author: I agree. It feels like we need to add it but I'd like to simplify and spread it around below shortly.

interpreter that lets it take detours to remote machines or hold and manipulate remote
data. So your preprocessing can briefly detour to run on a 64 CPU GCP instance, then
return to your local environment, then jump to a GPU cluster on Lambda Labs for training.

> The dataframe your preprocessing generates can stream directly to the GPU cluster, so it
> doesn't need to bounce off your laptop. Normally you'd need to translate your code into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preprocessed dataframe can stream directly to the GPU cluster, without bouncing off your laptop. Normally you'd need to translate your code into
```

an orchestrator workflow to do all this, but now you can run, test, iterate, and share this program
like any other Python, even in notebooks. You can drop it into an orchestrator node just
like any other Python script to schedule or monitor it, or use it with any experiment
management and lineage tools you like. Runhouse heavily builds on top of Ray, gRPC, and

> SkyPilot, so lots of nice things like queuing, distributed, production-hardness, async,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SkyPilot, so lots of nice features like queuing, distributed, production-hardness, async,
```

with a Python interpreter and internet connection (notebook, IDE, CI/CD, orchestrator node, etc.):
```python
import runhouse as rh

sd_generate = rh.Function.from_name('sd_generate')
image = sd_generate("A hot dog made of matcha.")
```
There's no magic yaml, DSL, code serialization, or "submitting for execution." We're
just spinning up the cluster for you (or using an existing cluster), syncing over your code,
starting a gRPC connection, and running your code on the cluster. 
**_Runhouse does things for you that you'd spend time doing yourself, in as obvious a way as possible._**

On the data side, we can do things like:

```python
# Send a folder up to a cluster (rsync)
rh.folder(path="./instance_images").to(system=gpu, path="dreambooth/instance_images")
gpu.run([f"accelerate launch diffusers/examples/dreambooth/train_dreambooth.py"
         f"--instance_data_dir=dreambooth/instance_images "
         f"--output_dir=dreambooth/output "])

# This goes directly cluster-> s3, doesn't bounce to local
outputs_s3 = rh.folder(system=gpu, path="dreambooth/outputs").to("s3", path="runhouse/dreambooth/outputs")
outputs_s3.save("dreambooth_outputs")
```

> And later, if I want to load down the folder in full:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To load down the folder in full later:
```

```python
rh.Folder.from_name("dreambooth_outputs").to("here")
```

> We support interactive blob and table primitives too:

Reviewer: The folder and function examples are simple and great, but this one is a bit harder to digest (for a README). I think it's borderline so we can leave it for now if you feel strongly, or we could just saying that we support blob and table primitives, between file systems, clusters, and local without the full code demo. (maybe eventually move this to a quickstart guide page instead of readme?)

Author: I tried to make it into a little bit more of a real-looking application, but I agree it could be more digestible. I'm going to push it for now and then prune it shortly.
